welcome to your daily focus for August
the first 2014 so today we have one
secrecy 71 empathy and 10 travel
it's all about you know this is a fire
card so it's all about creation passion
what makes your light shine the
brightest what gets you out of bed in
the morning what drives you and the
secrecy part is a very much you're not
really telling the world what you're
doing you're just doing okay um it's
almost like the warrior I'll talk to
everybody when the battles over right
now I've got to focus on what I need to
do and where I need to go it's going to
be very much I think a day like that
it's also going to be a day I think
where you may have a lack of empathy for
others okay and I think you really need
the empathy for success today so try and
show a little compassion to your
neighbor to your friend to a complete
stranger you may have a situation where
you have to look through the situation
through the eyes of another to truly
understand their take on the situation
and take it forward from there but
understanding an understanding of the
other person's footsteps is very much a
part of today and I think you might get
lost in where you're going and lose the
focus of the people around you and then
we have travel we had travel yesterday
too I noticed um yesterday there was a
lot more traffic at seemed so I think a
lot of you are traveling at least in my
neck of the woods you are on this could
also be travel along your path
absolutely
and we're redefining we're redefining a
part of our life whether it's career
love romance stature in the community
health well-being wealth you may be
looking at a new job or promotions
traveling up that corporate ladder but
in one way or another every single one
of us is traveling a path and it's
leading us to a new path of and I think
a very adventurous path and so today we
have the warning that we will find much
more success in our day if we take the
time to have the empathy or the
compassion for the person sitting across
the table from us and understanding
their footsteps
and how they viewed the situation how
they view your words what their words
actually mean so pay attention um
because you're like the warrior today
you're setting out for your dreams your
passions your ambitions and I'm try to
keep the focus not on you today try to
keep the focus on everybody else around
you today and I think you will find a
lot more success in the day so until
next time we meet remember I love you